
                                 DEAN'S

                      Illustrated Farthing Books.

                          LONDON: DEAN & SON,
                           11, Ludgate Hill.

                                   41




                      "IN GOD DO I PUT MY TRUST."

"MOTHER, what did the psalmist mean when he said, 'Preserve me, O God!
for in Thee do I put my trust?'"

"Do you remember the little girl we saw walking with her father in the
woods last week?"

"Oh, yes, mother; was she not beautiful?"

"She was a gentle, loving little thing, and her father was very kind to
her. Do you remember what she said, when they came to the narrow bridge
over the brook?"

"I do not like to talk about the bridge, mother, it makes me giddy. Do
you believe it is safe--just those two planks laid across, and no
railing? If she had stepped a little to one side, she would have fallen
into the water."

"Do you remember what she said?"

"Yes. She stopped a minute, as if she did not like to go over, and then
looked up in her father's face, and asked him to take hold of her hand,
and said, 'You will take care of me, father dear; I don't feel afraid
when you take hold of my hand,' And her father looked so lovingly upon
her, and took tight hold of her hand, as if she were very precious to
him."

"I think David felt like that little girl when he wrote the words which
you have just read."

"Was David going over a bridge, mother?"

"Not such a bridge as the one in the woods; but he had come to some
place of difficulty in his life, and whenever he was in any way
troubled, he looked up to God, just as the little girl did to her
father, and said, 'Preserve me, O God!' It is the same as if he had
said, 'Please take care of me, my kind Heavenly Father; I do not feel
afraid, if you take hold of my hand.'"

"Oh, mother, how beautiful! But God did not really take hold of David's
hand, and lead him through the trouble!"

"No; but God loves His children who trust in Him--who feel safe in his
care--just as the father did his little daughter; and though He does not
take hold of their hands, He knows how to make them feel as peaceful and
easy as if He did."

"Mother, can I be one of God's children?"

"Yes, my dear; if you love Him, and trust Him, and try to please Him, He
will call you His own, and lead you all your life, and make you very
happy."

"Will there be any bridges in my life? I mean, shall I have troubles?
Now, I have not any, have I? I have not to look up to God, and ask Him
to take care of me?"

"You must not think great troubles are the only ones we have to meet
with. You will have many small troubles, and will need to look to your
Heavenly Father to take care of you through them."

"What troubles do you think I shall have, mother?"

"You had one this morning. Sarah was unkind to you, and you were sadly
grieved."

"Could I go to God with such troubles?"

"Yes, my dear; you can tell Him, just as you would me, all your
unhappiness, and ask Him to comfort you."

"Mother, I am very glad we read that Psalm this morning. I think I love
God better already, and I hope I shall always trust Him."

"I hope you will; and if you begin when you are a little girl, you will
learn better and better about Him, and be far happier than those who
have no such friend to go to in trouble."

"Why, cannot everybody go to God with their wants?"

"Certainly, if they will; but a great many people never tell Him their
troubles--never ask Him to forgive them, nor to take care of them. They
did not begin in their childhood, and it is difficult to learn these
trusts when we are old."

"Oh! I hope I shall learn it now, while you can help me, mother."

"God alone can help you, my child; ask Him to teach you to trust Him."

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Transcriber's Notes:

 Missing or obscured punctuation was silently corrected.
 Typographical errors were silently corrected.
 Illustrations without caption were dropped.
 Spelling was corrected in these 2 words:
   npon - upon
   rather - father

------------------------------------------------------------------------





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Trust in God, by Anonymous

